.war to tomcat.md, before:

### Apache Tomcat 7 on CentOS 7

* `sudo yum install tomcat`

* `sudo vi /usr/share/tomcat/conf/tomcat.conf`
>add the below lines to the file <br />
` JAVA_OPTS="-Djava.security.egd=file:/dev/./urandom -Djava.awt.headless=true -Xmx512m -XX:MaxPermSize=256m -XX:+UseConcMarkSweepGC" `

* `sudo yum install tomcat-webapps tomcat-admin-webapps `

* `sudo yum install tomcat-docs-webapp tomcat-javadoc`

* `sudo vi /usr/share/tomcat/conf/tomcat-users.xml`
>add the below lines <br />
` <tomcat-users>
    <user username="admin" password="password" roles="manager-gui,admin-gui"/>
</tomcat-users> `

* `sudo systemctl start tomcat`



* `sudo systemctl restart tomcat`

* `sudo systemctl enable tomcat`



>check at:
http://server_IP_address:8080



>for web application manager:
http://server_IP_address:8080/manager/html



![sample image of tomcat webapplication manager](https://assets.digitalocean.com/articles/tomcat7_centos7/manager.png)


>for reference: [https://www.digitalocean.com](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-apache-tomcat-7-on-centos-7-via-yum#access-the-web-interface)

Commit message:

added the path for credentials

.war to tomcat.md, after:

### Apache Tomcat 7 on CentOS 7 

* `sudo yum install tomcat`

* `sudo vi /usr/share/tomcat/conf/tomcat.conf`
>add the below lines to the file <br />
` JAVA_OPTS="-Djava.security.egd=file:/dev/./urandom -Djava.awt.headless=true -Xmx512m -XX:MaxPermSize=256m -XX:+UseConcMarkSweepGC" `

* `sudo yum install tomcat-webapps tomcat-admin-webapps `

* `sudo yum install tomcat-docs-webapp tomcat-javadoc`

* `sudo vi /usr/share/tomcat/conf/tomcat-users.xml`
>add the below lines <br />
` <tomcat-users>
    <user username="admin" password="password" roles="manager-gui,admin-gui"/>
</tomcat-users> `

* `sudo systemctl start tomcat`



* `sudo systemctl restart tomcat`

* `sudo systemctl enable tomcat`



_if prompted for credentials use the ones in `/usr/share/tomcat/conf/tomcat-users.xml`_


>check at:
http://server_IP_address:8080


>for web application manager:
http://server_IP_address:8080/manager/html


![sample image of tomcat webapplication manager](https://assets.digitalocean.com/articles/tomcat7_centos7/manager.png)



* choose the path of the **.war** file to be deployed as shown in the above screenshot
>for the deployed .war file
http://server_IP_address:8080/resourcename <br />  <br />
lets say if the deployed file is **sample.war** URL will be like http://54.87.124.56:8080/sample/



>for reference: [https://www.digitalocean.com](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-apache-tomcat-7-on-centos-7-via-yum#access-the-web-interface)
